chore(cmake): export implicit include directories in compile_commands.json (#4400)
PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher: CMakeLists.txt

    set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON)
endif()

# Make sure to include implicit c/c++ lib paths in the exported compile commands.

> # Especialy usefull on Nix for getting a correct clangd environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Especially useful on Nix for getting a correct clangd environment.
```
